README.md, before:

# JLSChatterbox

***
INTRO
***

JLSChatterbox.com is a middle school project intended to be used as a way of chatting with friends, mainly for JLS middle school, but anybody can use this. There are links that you could enter to join private chats made by us and also other users. This project is HTML based with javascript.

***
HOW TO ACCESS THE PROJECT / RUN IT
***

This project should be available at www.jlschatterbox.com


If not, there is an alternative. You can get a copy of the code (For Mac Users only)!

1. Go to terminal, and type in "git clone https://github.com/e3l/pantherchatter"
2. You should get information on the repository you just cloned. Type in "ls", and make sure that one of the folders listed is "pantherchatter". Then, type in cd pantherchatter.
3. Open a web server, then click on the "file" tab on the toolbar on top. This drops down a lot of options, click "Open file".
4. Search through your files and find "pantherchatter". Open the folder, and then double click on index.html.
5. This should've opened our project! Enjoy! :D

***
WHAT JLSchatterbox does
***

Jlschatter box is a website where you can chat with your friends. It has ID's, Accounts, Personal Chats, and chat for specific places, such as JLS. The accounts protect your identity and to make sure that no unwanted people can see what you tell you friends. The personal chats have a link that you can custom make and tell your friends. The codes are for special things such as a JLS chat or a Connections 6th, 7th, or 8th chat.

***
MOTIVATION
***

We thought of doing this by thinking of problems people. We wanted to make a chatting website that didn't require going through lots of annoying settup stuff in order to chat, only to find that your friend didn't have an account.

***
LICENSE
***

We currently don't have a license. However, this project is partly sponsered by Jane Lathrop Stanford middle school. Feel free to copy this project for your own use. However, you may not copy this project for any commercial uses or to get profit from it. Please share the project with your friends and use it as you wish! :D

Commit message:

Added a license to README.md, changed email from optional to required (WITH TIMEOUT)

README.md, after:

# JLS Chatterbox

***
INTRO
***

JLSChatterbox.com is a middle school project intended to be used as a way of chatting with friends, mainly for JLS middle school, but anybody can use this. There are links that you could enter to join private chats made by us and also other users. This project is HTML based with javascript.

***
HOW TO ACCESS THE PROJECT / RUN IT
***

This project should be available at www.jlschatterbox.com


If not, there is an alternative. You can get a copy of the code, which will not be connected to the internet (For Mac Users only)!

1. Go to terminal, and type in "git clone https://github.com/e3l/pantherchatter"
2. You should get information on the repository you just cloned. Type in "ls", and make sure that one of the folders listed is "pantherchatter". Then, type in "cd pantherchatter".
3. Open a web server, then click on the "file" tab on the toolbar on top. This drops down a lot of options, click "Open file".
4. Search through your files and find "pantherchatter". Open the folder, and then double click on index.html.
5. This should've opened our project! Enjoy! :D

***
WHAT JLSchatterbox does
***

Jlschatter box is a website where you can chat with your friends. It has ID's, Accounts, Personal Chats, and chat for specific places, such as JLS. The accounts protect your identity and make sure that no unwanted people can see what you tell you chat about. The personal chats have a link that you can custom make and tell your friends. The codes are for special things such as a JLS chat or a Connections chat.

***
MOTIVATION
***

We thought of doing this by thinking of problems people have. We wanted to make a chatting website that didn't require going through lots of annoying settup stuff in order to chat, only to find that your friend didn't have an account.

***
LICENSE
***

Copyright 2016-2017 JLS Chatterbox team

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
